REFLECTION

As a team, we worked exceptionally well in following what we had planned at the start of this iteration. We mostly adhered to our assigned roles, which were Eric and Yimeng working on the pytests, and Angeline and Meilin working on the documentation. As mentioned in the plan, we did meet on Mondays and Thursdays (for two hours each), and we used this time to check in with where the other members of the team were up to and to work collaboratively. Additionally, we were able to contribute to the other duo's task by editing and making suggestions about their work.

Although we were satisfied with our teamwork within this iteration, we still faced some challenges (both individually and as a team). One of these such challenges was accurately interpreting the specifications. Meilin was initially confused about what type of assumptions should be included in the assumptions file. As a team, we ultimately decided to split it into two parts: general assumptions about the specification, and specific assumptions about particular functions. Additionally, we were unsure whether the planning document should plan our iteration 1 or iteration 2, but this was clarified later on, and we ultimately decided to include plans for both iteration 1 and 2 for our reference. A challenge that Angeline faced when writing the user stories was about how similar UNSW's slackr would be to the already existing slack app, and as such, which functionalities she should include in the user stories. However, once the video was uploaded explaining the features of UNSW's slackr, Angeline was able to base her user stories of this video. Finally, Yimeng and Eric faced some complications when writing their pytests, but they were able to resolve these by asking our tutor questions and attending the help session.

Ultimately, our team did face some challenges, but we were able to work through these cooperatively and are happy with our final outcome for this iteration.
